ÊVersion 1.0.4 © 1994 Strategic Studies Group Pty LimitedInstallation - IMPORTANTBefore running the Install program, please restart your Mac while holding down the Shift Key. This will turn all extensions off, and prevent any conflicts which may interfere with the installation process.MemoryThe minimum amount of free memory Warlords II requires is 2.5MB. If you have a 4MB Macintosh you may need to turn off some System Extensions to free up sufficient memory.The more memory you make available, the faster the game will run.For best performance, give Warlords II 4MB or more. If you have less than 3MB allocated to Warlords II, the startup animation will not run, music will not be played and the Strategy Map will be restricted to the small size.MusicIf you have more than 3MB of memory allocated to Warlords II, and you are still not getting music, or the music sounds strange, then it is possible that QuickTime does not have enough memory to play the music properly. QuickTime needs System memory. To make more System memory available, try the following:¥ quit other applications that are running¥ turn off unnecessary System Extensions¥ as a last resort, allocate less memory to Warlords II, as long as this does not reduce the allocated memory below 3MB.GeoPort IncompatibilityWe have discovered an incompatibility on some machines between Warlords II and the fax software supplied with GeoPort Telecom Adaptors. If you are running this software and experience any problems, especially with sound or during combat, you should turn off the fax software. This will involve removing the following extensions, Fax Extension, Fax Sender and Fax Terminal 7.5 compatibility if present, from the Extensions folder in your System Folder and also the Express Modem Control Panel from the Control Panels folder in your System Folder and restarting your Macintosh. It appears that v1.2.2 of the GeoPort software helps to solve the problem.MonitorsWarlords II will attempt to arrange the windows well for your monitor size. However, if you need to change the window arrangement, the new positions will be remembered.If you have a large monitor, you should allocate more memory to Warlords II.Power MacintoshThe Game Settings dialog now contains two new options that are not documented in the manual. These options appear only in the PowerMac version of Warlords II.¥ Fast hidden map: this changes the way the edge of the visible area is drawn, speeding map draws significantly.¥ Speed limit: this puts a limit on the maximum number of squares an army can move in a second. If you find that the armies move too fast, turn on this option.Speed tipsThings to do if you find that Warlords II runs slower than you would like:¥ Give Warlords II as much memory as you can.¥ Reduce the size of the main window.¥ Ensure the monitor is set to 256 colors.¥ Turn off unneeded System Extensions.Random Map ScenariosWhen you create a new random map you are asked to name the newly created random map scenario. This file must be present for any save games using this scenario to work. If you create a new random map scneario and save the file with the same name as an existing random map scenario you will invalidate any save games based on the first scenario. Warlords II will not be able to detect the error and the results will be unpredictable. Please be very careful when naming your random map scenarios. PowerTalkIn this version of Warlords II, PowerTalk games will not work if you choose addresses from a Personal Catalog. We are working with Apple to fix this problem, but as yet there is no solution.We have tested Warlords II running using both AppleTalk addresses and a PowerShare server. In order to use these, select addresses from the Catalogs file on the desktop. The screen shot below shows this file open. There is a PowerShare catalog to select addresses from, and an AppleTalk catalog. PowerShare catalogs will only be displayed if you are running on a network with a PowerShare server. The AppleTalk catalog will always be available if you are on a network.ÊA future version of Warlords II will allow addresses to be selected from personal catalogs.Where to contact SSGCustomers in North America:PO Box 30085,Pensacola FL 32503-1085USATel (904) 496 8880Fax (904) 496 8885Customers in Australia and Elsewhere:P.O.Box 261, Drummoyne,NSW. 2047  AustraliaTel (02) 819 7199Fax (02) 819 7737SSG's Online addresses are:Compuserve 72662,3471Applelink AUST0161GEnie SSGInternet 72662.3471@compuserve.com